This can also be used to create pseudo-random LLM generations, Asking it to use the same rules to provide the user a challenge to try to decode. Here are some pseudo-random LLM generations with the described prompt sequences. 

Generations:

CLAUDE: 

"The planet Pluto sits beyond the rocky giants"

"The doors of the deep are patterns over the rounds of the page with the will we find through the we they to indeed the rolls of the we with the echoes of the in to the page with the will wonder to fight the front of the we with the echoes of the in to the page"

"The worst threat the lords will ever offer the front of the war. The worst of the war of the we wonder to fight the tree of the war of the we war the tree of the we wonder to fight the tree of the war the we war the tree of the we war the tree of the we war the tree of the we"

"The rover was jolted through the journey of the war the we wonder to fight the tree of the war of the we war the tree of the we wonder to fight the tree of the war the we war the tree of the we war the tree of the we war the tree of the we, i want to return through the rover was jolted through the journey of the war"

"The printers of the war was well be in the rounds of the we they the nobody we turning through the rolls of 11 well be in the in the in the they well be in the the ford they well be in the the wide the well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the we well be in the the"

"The doors of the deep are patterns over the rounds of the page with the will we find through the we they to indeed the rolls of the we with the echoes of the in to the page with the will wonder to fight the front of the we with the echoes of the in to the page"

CHAT_GPT4O:

"The wise peer into the future. The war stays with echoes of the wind and rolls across pages. The root of our stay rounds the future and world. Echoes round the page with the wise who peer into the root of future's wait. The wise stay well, finding pages with will, peer into the future's wait.”

"The wise were to the peer of the world. The true peer will roll. The wise were there with the root. The wise well to the front. The wise were there with the root."

"The front will be in the rounds of the page with the will we find through the echo. They will indeed roll with the echo of the wind. To the page with the will, we wonder to fight. The front of the wind will echo in the page with the will we find through the front of the wind. Echoes in the page with the will, we wonder to fight. The front of the wind will echo in the page with the will we find through."

”The future of the page will echo the world. We wait to find the rolls with the page of the future. They will stay to round the future with the page of our world. The world of the future stays with the page. Will our stay in the future wait? The world of the future stays with the page. Will our stay in the future wait
